{\rtf1\mac\ansicpg10000\cocoartf102
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset77 Helvetica-Bold;\f1\fswiss\fcharset77 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww17080\viewh15180\viewkind0
\pard\tx565\tx1133\tx1700\tx2266\tx2832\tx3401\tx3967\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6235\tx6802\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 Audio Unit Callbacks for "Musical" Time information.\
\pard\tx565\tx1133\tx1700\tx2266\tx2832\tx3401\tx3967\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6235\tx6802\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
Audio Units currently provide two callbacks that are used to obtain information from the host about its current Musical Time. This document describes a third callback to provide additional information that is not currently available. Information about the original two callbacks (and their usage) are defined in existing documentation (/Developer/Documentation/CoreAudio/index.html)\
\
\pard\tqr\tx1020\tx1040\pardeftab160\li1040\fi-1040\ql\qnatural

\f0\b \cf0 Host's Transport State Information\

\f1\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab160\ql\qnatural
\cf0 There's several bits of information that an AU should be able to get from the host, but it isn't able to currently. The following callback addresses this shortcoming\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab160\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
typedef OSStatus (* HostCallback_GetTransportState)(void * inHostUserData,\
		Boolean * outIsPlaying,\
		Boolean * outTransportStateChanged,\
		Float64 * outCurrentSampleInTimeLine,\
		Boolean * outIsCycling\
		Float64 * outCycleStartBeat,\
		Float64 * outCycleEndBeat);\
\
As usual, the AU can provide NULL for any of these parameters and for each of these cases the host has no work to do.\
\

\f0\b Is Playing\

\f1\b0 - the time line of the host's transport is advancing (true), or not (false). If false, host's may only be able to provide limited information for other properties in these callbacks.\
\

\f0\b Transport State Has Changed\

\f1\b0 - indicates that some state of the host's transport has changed. For instance, the time-line has started or stopped, the position within the time-line has changed (for eg. the SPL has been moved to a new location, or the transport is in cycle mode, and has jumped from the end back to the start of the cycle).\
\

\f0\b Is Cycling\

\f1\b0 - if false, there is no valid value for either the cycling start or end beats. Thus, these values are only valid if the host's transport is actually cycling at the time the Audio Unit makes this call.\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \

\f0\b Current Sample In Time Line\

\f1\b0 - represents how many samples from the start of the song that the AU's current render cycle starts at.}